Germany held a memorial service Saturday for the victims of the Love Parade techno music festival, where 21 people were crushed to death and 500 injured in a tunnel that was the only entrance to the event.
A draft U.N. report says the Rwandan army that ended the 1994 slaughter of more than 500,000 people retaliated with barbaric killings in Congo two years later that also could be classified as a genocide.
Iran is close to clinching a deal to clandestinely import 1,350 tons of purified uranium ore from Kazakhstan, according to an intelligence report obtained by The Associated Press.
The U.N. refugee agency says over 17,000 people have been driven from their homes in the capital of Somalia this month by heavy fighting between government forces and rebels.
Japanese stocks open up 0.7 pct after opposition landslide win
Nigerian security forces have arrested the brother of a former militant group leader in the country 's oil-rich southern delta, saying they suspected him of involvement in a bombing that killed 12 people, an official said.
Hurricane Karl grew with surprising speed into a powerful Category 3 storm Friday, prompting closure of Gulf of Mexico oil facilities, and forecasters said the storm could strengthen further before hitting near the country 's largest power plant.
Brazil 's president is flying over a vast stretch of the nation 's northeast where floods killed 45 people and destroyed towns, roads and bridges.
A missing Air France jet carrying 228 people from Rio de Janeiro to Paris ran into a tower of thunderstorms and heavy turbulence over the Atlantic Ocean, officials said Monday, fearing that all aboard were lost.
International troop deaths in Afghanistan pass 700 this year: iCasualties
Prosecutors charged the president of a major Japanese railway Wednesday with professional negligence resulting in death after a train crash killed 107 people, the company and prosecutors said.
Spain will cut spending by nearly euro50 billion ($70 billion) to rein in a deficit that has swelled to an outsized 11.4 percent of gross domestic product as the country struggles with recession, officials said Friday.
Police say 8 people have died in market bomb blast in northwest Pakistani city.
Hope of finding survivors was diminishing Tuesday as rescuers used heavy machinery including bulldozers to search for at least 107 people trapped under a landslide in rain-hit southwestern China.
Japan 's unemployment rate falls for second straight month to 5.3 percent.
A strong aftershock with a preliminary magnitude of 6.3 has struck Chile 's quake-stricken city of Concepcion, sending people running into the streets.
The Texas Rangers clinched the American League West title Saturday and their first playoff berth in 11 years after Jorge Cantu hit a tiebreaking homer in the eighth inning for a 4-3 win over the Oakland Athletics.
As many as 200 people are feared dead after a heavily loaded boat caught fire and capsized in southern Congo, a survivor said Sunday.
A sharp rise in food costs boosted China 's inflation rate to a 25-month high of 4.4 percent in October despite a government clampdown on credit and efforts to cool living costs.
Home repossession in the United Kingdom rose by 3 percent in the third quarter, but the Council of Mortgage Lenders said Thursday that it has reduced its forecast for the full year as mortgage arrears are declining.
A suicide bomber targeted Shiite Muslims on two buses being escorted by security forces through a northwestern Pakistan border area rife with sectarian and insurgent violence, killing 12 people Friday.
Overriding Western objections, a 150-nation nuclear conference on Friday passed a resolution directly criticizing Israel and its atomic program for the first time in 18 years.
Britain 's public sector borrowing has soared to 15.9 billion pounds ($24.7 billion) in August, a record for the month and well above analysts ' estimates.
Israeli police say a gunman entered a youth club for gay teens in central Tel Aviv on Saturday night and sprayed the interior with automatic rifle fire, killing three people and injuring 11.
Rescue and government officials say floods kill 267 people in Pakistan over last 3 days.
Japan 's government says machinery orders, a closely watched indicator of future business investment, jumped 10.1 percent in August from the previous month.
Thailand 's government insisted Sunday a crackdown on Red Shirt protesters will continue despite their plea for U.N-mediated talks to end four days of street clashes with troops that have killed 30 people.
A police spokesman in Iraq 's volatile Diyala province says three suicide bomb attacks have killed six people and injured 20 in the city of Baqouba.
Harbhajan Singh has produced a career-best score of 69 to help India score 487 runs in its first innings of the first test against New Zealand.
Iceland and Britain backed away from a full-blown diplomatic war on Thursday over the decision by the Icelandic president to veto a bill on the repayment of a $5.7 billion loan.
A top United Nations official on Thursday visited displacement camps in Sri Lanka where about 280,000 ethnic Tamil civilians have been held since the island nation 's civil war ended four months ago.
The International Monetary Fund has given final approval for a $2.6 billion loan for Sri Lanka despite calls from human rights groups that the island nation should first address concerns over its human rights record.
More than 100 refugees who say they are Kurds and Tunisians landed Friday on the southern shore of Corsica after a lengthy journey at sea, officials said.
Greece 's debt management agency says it has raised (EURO)390 million ($531 million) in the sale of 13-week treasury bills, but at a higher interest rate than a similar auction last month.
A fire in a shopping mall in northern China has killed 18 people and injured 24, the government said Saturday.
A British Virgin Islands judge ruled Tuesday that a former Rhode Island dive shop owner must serve at least 25 years of a mandatory life sentence for killing his wife on a Caribbean scuba outing in 1999, rejecting his lawyers ' bid for leniency.
Assailants fired a rocket at a convoy carrying Britain 's No. 2 diplomat in Yemen and a separate attack Wednesday by a security guard killed a French oil worker, heightening fears over the safety of Westerners in a country facing a growing militant threat.
Police say 127 people have frozen to death so far this winter in Poland.
Officials in crisis-hit Greece say they have signed an investment deal with Qatar worth a potential $5 billion.
Swelled by torrential rains, the Yalu river that marks the Chinese-North Korean border breached its banks on both sides Saturday, inundating communities and forcing the evacuation of more than 50,000 people in China.
The White House says the U.S. government is now borrowing 41 cents of every dollar it spends.
A trial of 25 activists accused of plotting against Bahrain 's rulers was thrown into question Thursday after new defense lawyers picked by authorities said they have been rejected by the suspects in this key Western ally.
An Austrian woman kidnapped at age 10 says she was repeatedly beaten, starved and forced to do housework half-naked during her 8 1/2 years at the mercy of a man who admired Hitler and considered himself an Egyptian god.
Belgium 's longest serving bishop resigned Friday, saying he was "enormously sorry" for having sexually abused a young boy about 25 years ago.
A Greek court on Thursday convicted a nightclub doorman of beating a 20-year-old Australian tourist to death on the holiday island of Mykonos, sentencing him to a total of 20 years in jail.
Aaron Redmond made a blistering 63 on his international Twenty20 debut, as New Zealand scored 198-5 in its World Cup Super8 game with Ireland on Thursday.
Puerto Rico 's government announced Friday that it will lay off more than 16,000 public workers in the U.S. Caribbean territory, adding to an unemployment rate higher than that of any U.S state.
England has declared on 262-9 on day three of the first test, setting Pakistan a target of 435 for victory.
Two former police officers were sentenced Wednesday to roughly 500 years in prison each in the 2005 killing of 29 people outside Rio, a massacre that raised fears of death squad activity in Brazil.
A forest fire fanned by high winds has forced the evacuation of about 4,000 residents on the Canary Island of La Palma, the Spanish government said Saturday.
Borrowing by consumers fell by $15.7 billion in April as U.S. households continued to trim spending and put away their credit cards amid a severe recession.
An American Airlines flight from Miami with more than 150 aboard overshot a runway while landing during a heavy rainstorm in Kingston Tuesday night, injuring more than 40 people, officials said.
Somali pirates seized a tanker carrying more than $20 million of crude oil from Saudi Arabia to the United States in the increasingly dangerous waters off East Africa, an official said Monday, an attack that could pose a huge environmental or security threat.
